[ Quacking ]
[ Warble, zap! ]
[ Roars ]
♪ "Adventure Time"
♪ Come on, grab your friends
♪ We'll go to very
distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog
and Finn the human ♪
♪ And the fun will never end
♪ It's "Adventure Time"
♪♪
I'm scared it'll come back
tonight.
Me, too.
Can we hold hands?
I need my hand
to hold my spear.
Why don't you use
your other hand?
Oh, that's a good idea.
But... I need this hand
to hold my spear.
Use your other one.
Aw, it won't reach.
Oh, no.
Wait!
Oh -- oh!
Oh!
Hooray.
This is less scary because now I
won't see the monster coming.
[ Growling ]
Wow. You know, I just noticed
these things
have rings on the end.
It must be for blowing bubbles.
[ Screaming ]
[ Slurping ]
[ Squishing ]
[ Sizzling ]
[ Doors creaking ]
[ Snoring ]
Huh?
[ Screams ]
It's back!
[ Hisses ]
Ptoi!
[ Grunts ]
Huh?
Ptoi!
[ Grunting ]
Surprise!
[ Screeches ]
Finn, get in here!
[ Shrieks ]
[ Groans ]
Okay.
Yeah!
Sic em, Jake!
Ha!
[ Roars ]
Feeling good, buddy?
I'm good.
But this chump's
about to get slain!
Slay him quick -- he's got
crazy devil strength!
[ Roars ]
No prob.
Here comes the slay...
[ Growling ]
Don't kill me, Finn.
Um...
Here I go!
Mathematical!
Finn, are you doing the thing?
I'm your friend.
I'm you.
Jake, maybe you should slay
this guy?
Aw, dude, you are doing
the thing again!
I'm you!
Slay him!
Thanks again for
coming out to coach.
The jamboree's always a big
morale boost for the troops.
Yeah. It's, uh,
it's a nice distraction.
Hmm. So how are you holding up
after all the Fern stuff?
It's been a rough month, Pb.
I know Fern was an angry guy
who tried to kill me,
but I still feel awful about
the way he went.
It's really messing with me.
Oh, Finn, I'm so sorry.
Death is no laughing matt--
Whoa!
A banana!
Banana guard number 216?!
Oh, my glob, he's dead!
This is a banana fudge massacre!
Princess?!
Guys, what happened?!
A terrible monster kidnapped
squadron five!
It looked like a banana,
but it peeled other bananas!
All: Traitor! Traitor!
Traitor! Traitor!
Traitor, traitor!
A banana and fudge monster?!
That's candy tech!
Okay, who's behind this?
Finn!
I need you and Jake to guard
the barracks tonight.
If this creep comes back
and lays a finger on my guards,
you show no mercy.
Um...
Yeah, I'll...
do my best.
[ Whirring ]
Finn!
Finn, stop showing mercy!
[ Growling ]
Oh, no!
I dinked it!
[ Roars ]
[ Shrieking ]
[ Screaming ]
Jake, I'm sorry!
I -- I couldn't do it!
Love you forever, man,
but your guilt's hurting
the team dynamics.
I know.
I'm gonna go make it right!
Cool. I'm gonna make peace with
my aging body.
[ Footsteps pounding ]
Brrr-brrr!
[ Panting ]
No mercy this time, banana boy!
I don't care why you're doing
this or if you have a...
a tragic past.
I don't care!
I'm hard like that!
Don't kill me, Finn.
[ Growls ]
Nope!
[ Screeches ]
Oh, gross!
[ Grunts ]
What the heck is my problem?!
[ Screeches ]
Ptoi!
[ Screams ]
Aw, fudge!
[ Screeches ]
Huh?!
How'd I do that?!
[ Screeching ]
Um, it's getting away.
[ Screams ]
Oh, Huntress Wizard!
Hey, Finn.
Come on!
After that booger!
-Thanks for the save, H.W.
-Mm-hmm.
You're chasing that grabby
banana, too, huh?
I'm hunting it.
It's an invasive species that's
been destroying
the local ecosystem with its
nasty hot fudge.
It's name is the Grumbo.
It's a name that
I made up just now...
because you can't hunt
what you can't name.
Yeah, makes sense.
Hmm.
So how you been?
Finn, I saw you falter
back there.
Why did you hesitate before
you dealt the final blow?
[ Sighs ]
It keeps happening
since I aced Fern.
Every time I'm about to wail on
some monster,
I remember seeing Fern
go kaboom...
and the guilt paralyzes me.
I can't seem to
final blow anybody.
I see.
Okay, let's vanquish your
mental block...
because I'll need your help to
defeat the Grumbo --
it's a two-huntress job.
The second huntress is me.
Yes.
[ Screeches ]
The trail goes cold here.
I mean, the fudge is still hot,
but that squirrel dude
just ate most of it.
What? No!
Ugh! I should have struck
when I had the chance!
Or not struck Fern
when I didn't have the chance?
Ugh!
I don't even know anymore.
This is just me talking,
but it sounds like Fern was
already headed down a dark road.
Sounds like he was a bad version
of yourself
that you had to destroy in order
to become
an even tighter version
of yourself.
Does that sound about right?
[ Distant whimpering ]
Looks like we got some hot fudge
on our hands.
Okay, let's review our roles.
When I take out its legs,
you strike the underbelly.
Got it?
I can do this.
I'm 90% sure I can do this.
Gonna slice right through
that sweet Fern face.
Shh!
[ Whimpering continues ]
[ Snoring ]
Ready?
Yes.
[ Growls ]
Duck -- I guess.
Huh?
[ Grunts ]
Bicycle kick!
[ Screeches ]
Now, Finn!
Coop-degrassi!
Okay, time to final blow it!
[ Groaning ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Stops screaming ]
Finn, don't you love me?
Uh, can we maybe switch roles?
[ Grunting ]
Not again.
Oops!
[ Groans ]
Oops. Oops.
Oops!
Ptoi!
[ High-pitched scream ]
H.W., let's come back
and try tomorrow!
Okay...
[ Screeches ]
Huntress Wizard,
get out of the way!
Think, think, think!
[ Growls ]
Okay, if I can't fix my mind,
I gotta fool it.
Attack. Attack.
Attack...
Finn, help me.
I'll save you, buddy.
[ Screeches ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Hissing ]
I did it.
Sorry I almost got you killed.
It's cool.
It's totally cool.
I knew you just needed a push.
That's why I very smartly
pretended to throw myself
in harm's way.
No, actually,
that's not what did it.
Yeah, right. We both know you're
totally in love with me.
[ Kiss ]
[ High-pitched scream ]
[ Groaning ]
Finn?
Are you here to rescue us?!
Oh, glob!
There's someone else here, too!
I don't have my peel!
Oh, don't look!
Don't look, anyone!
It's okay, guys.
Huntress Wizard is into
natchy living.
Weird.
These Grumbo remains are 100%
artificial candy flesh --
like straight out of a lab.
I wonder who made him?
Who indeed?
Who is the brilliant puppet
master working tirelessly
behind the scenes, completely
unfazed by this
minor, minor setback?
Why, it's me -- Uncle G.
Ready yourself, Princezzin!
Your boy hero will be no match
for my next creation.
♪ Come along with me
♪ And the butterflies and bees
This party is so crazy!